# Building AI apps with Continual + Snowflake + Streamlit

In this tutorial, we’re going to build an interactive Customer Risk Dashboard using the open-source Python framework Streamlit and the Continual predictions generated in the Snowflake + Continual Quickstart Guide. If you haven’t completed the [Snowflake + Continual Quickstart Guide](https://continual.ai/post/snowflake-and-continual-quickstart-guide), I encourage you to bookmark this page and go follow [the guide](https://continual.ai/post/snowflake-and-continual-quickstart-guide) and create the predictions for this tutorial. 

In the [Snowflake + Continual Quickstart Guide](https://continual.ai/post/snowflake-and-continual-quickstart-guide), we connected Continual to Snowflake and created a ML model for predicting whether customers are going to churn. We loaded a simple dataset of customer information, activity, and churn status into Snowflake and built a machine learning model in Continual to predict the likelihood of a customer churning. 

Customer churn is a vital business metric and often one of the first to be tracked at early-stage, rapidly growing startups. It isn’t long before a business has enough history to begin accurately predicting which customers are most likely to churn. Continual makes it easy for modern data teams to make predictions on their customer data using only SQL. But making the predictions isn’t enough. Data teams must expose this information with context to business stakeholders. Armed with this intel, go-to-market teams can spring into action and earn their customer’s loyalty and retention. 

This step-by-step tutorial will provide all the code snippets necessary to create a simple Customer Risk Dashboard using Continual’s predictions. You can either create your app by following along or you could fork or clone the Github repo, modify the Snowflake queries to include your database and table, and add your own Snowflake connection credentials when [deploying to Streamlit Cloud](https://docs.streamlit.io/streamlit-cloud/get-started/deploy-an-app). 